hey everyone Devin from morbid customs
here just got done doing a LED halo RGB
ring kit install on some stock BMW e36
headlights as you can see the glass is
still not back on yet just got done
getting those installed and have it
cleaned up the glass yet so I just
wanted to give you a quick review on
these of what they're like and we'll
kind of go over everything and finish as
you can see I have this cool little
remote that comes with them and
everything gets wired in all nicely so
go ahead and kill some lights here and
we'll kind of review how the lights work
all right got the light lights all
powered off here go ahead and use our
remote and get these things turned on
there we go so they are fully
customizable they are RGB which is red
green blue so that you have the option
to change colors that was red green and
blue and then below each one of those
which you can't see right now there is
other color options available like
there's a light blue there that's a
actually really pink but you can't tell
in the video for some reason and there's
like a purple and orange and then we've
got our red which again the camera
doesn't actually pick up the colors too
well but they're definitely changing so
up in the top corner here we've got some
brightness settings we turn the
brightness way down but you can actually
kind of see the colors a little bit
better there kind of see that's kind of
a teal that's a pink green and then they
do get really bright we can turn them
all the way up here as you can see they
are they are very very bright
so then also in the side over here these
four black ones they are pre-programmed
you saw just a second ago if we push
those there are some different mode
options and your brightness settings
will actually control your speed when
you're in one of these modes go ahead
and try another one here now cycles
through all your colors the last one is
just a quick strobe effect which if you
turn all the way up gets kind of crazy
and turn that back down here so we can
see with actually what's happening you
can actually slow it down quite a bit so
pretty cool little system not really
super hard to install just
time-consuming got to be tedious work so
go ahead and get some lights turn back
on here alright got the lights turned
back on here we'll go ahead and sit down
and kind of see what we had going on
here go ahead and turn these off so
basically what they are is just much
LEDs and they are fastened to it as you
can see they're not a permanent fixture
but they're not just gonna fall off from
normal day driving or anything like that
so you don't have to worry about that
they won't come off unless you actually
take them off did take the wiring and
actually tuck it through the original
housing that way it's not wrapped around
the sides here anywhere so when you're
actually installed back into the car
there's no visible wires running out of
the front of the housing they all do
come out the rear of the housing so just
a little bit cleaner compared to some of
the other things that I've seen online
kids probably will probably sell them if
you want to self install for 150 bucks
if you want us to install them we'll do
the whole thing for probably 250 again
just because it is tedious it is
time-consuming you do actually have to
you know bake these in the oven to be
able to get these off because this glue
from the factories in there pretty good
so you can't do damage if you're not
careful if you don't do it right we
don't want to see that happening so
that's why we do offer the installs on
these as you can see with the glass on
there
they look really clean and again no
problems with them anything like that
so they will look really good especially
in the night time car shows you know
catches people's eye and especially with
the stock housings they're not all the
aftermarket Euro ones so very interested
you know subscribe we'll have more
custom LED creations stuff like that you
know custom bent acrylic tubing LEDs
more of these halo rings pretty much
anything you can think of we can
probably do so just you know follow us
we'll have some more creations for you
guys and we'll go from there
so thanks for watching and we'll see you
in our next video